NEW.md, before:

New
===

Multi-Stage timing
Scramble for 666 and 77
Save scramble with time
Text-based mode
Set penalty for overinspecting

TODO
====

Disable Goal
Set goals for Date

Login
to
Export from Server
Import from Server
Animate algs in algSets
Examinx scrambler
FTO Scrambler
Import AlgSets from AlgDb
Use more that 10 stages
Predefined AlgSets: ZBLL,SummerVariation,VLS,EG1,EG2,TCLL+,TCLL-
Selftest, selffix
Submit AlgSet to HT

Translate to German, Chinese, English
Detect language using Country
Load translation file
Save translation file

Layout edit
Simple, Advanced versions
Select look from HT,CS,QQ,PPT,JI

Fake thereshold for more puzzles
UWR List
Download current UWRs from Speedsolving.com wiki

Custom scrambler
Predefined Relays: 2-6,2-7,2-8,2-9,2-10,2-11,2-11+13,WCA,Guildford,Mini Guildford,23PyraSkewb
Relay must have 2 or more puzzles
Option for most Relay puzzles, default 64, may be set from 2 to 32768 (to around 1 sec of scrambling 3x3)

UI for Relays
UI for flags
UI for UWR,fake
UI for TimingMode
UI for +4 ... +16

Diagram solves/day
Diagram time/day
Diagram (time/solve)/day

Practise AlgSets or parts of an AlgSet (select multiple algs)
Learn Alg
View AlgSet at alg.cubing.net
Rotate alg by x,y,z,x2,y2,z2,x',y',z'
Predefined AlgSets: OLL,F2L,CLL,BigCubeParity,WV + Login SummerVariation,VLS,ZBLL,EG1,EG2,TCLL+,TCLL-
Load Predefined AlgSets

Select multiple Solves from Timelist, and apply flags,penalty,delete,... for all of them
Display "Select all" button, if multiple solves are selected
Sort Timelist by date xor time

Feature Documentation
Help
How to contribute

put Solving Method (Fridrich,Roux,...) in sessionData
put Scrambler in sessionData

Export to localStorage
Export to sessionStorage
Export to CSV
Export from Server
Import from localStorage
Import from sessionStorage
Import from CSV
Import from Server

PB History
PB Import
Sitzungen erkennen

Collection

Friends
Compare to Friends

TTW-Like things

Tools:
Cube price search (linked from collection)
InsertionFinder
Reconstruct
Find solves on cubesolv.es

Commit message:

Add Method and Scramble to SessionData

NEW.md, after:

New
===

Multi-Stage timing
Scramble for 666 and 77
Save scramble with time
Text-based mode
Set penalty for overinspecting

TODO
====

Disable Goal
Set goals for Date

Login
to
Export from Server
Import from Server
Animate algs in algSets
Examinx scrambler
FTO Scrambler
Import AlgSets from AlgDb
Use more that 10 stages
Predefined AlgSets: ZBLL,SummerVariation,VLS,EG1,EG2,TCLL+,TCLL-
Selftest, selffix
Submit AlgSet to HT

Translate to German, Chinese, English
Detect language using Country
Load translation file
Save translation file

Options
Hide left,right,top,bottom elements when running
Inspection on/off
What String to display of timingMode is off
Translations: pointer to translations

Layout edit
Simple, Advanced versions
Select look from HT,CS,QQ,PPT,JI

Fake thereshold for more puzzles
UWR List
Download current UWRs from Speedsolving.com wiki

Custom scrambler
Predefined Relays: 2-6,2-7,2-8,2-9,2-10,2-11,2-11+13,WCA,Guildford,Mini Guildford,23PyraSkewb
Relay must have 2 or more puzzles
Option for most Relay puzzles, default 64, may be set from 2 to 32768 (to around 1 sec of scrambling 3x3)

UI for Relays
UI for flags
UI for UWR,fake
UI for TimingMode
UI for +4 ... +16

Diagram solves/day
Diagram time/day
Diagram (time/solve)/day

Practise AlgSets or parts of an AlgSet (select multiple algs)
Learn Alg
View AlgSet at alg.cubing.net
Rotate alg by x,y,z,x2,y2,z2,x',y',z'
Predefined AlgSets: OLL,F2L,CLL,BigCubeParity,WV + Login SummerVariation,VLS,ZBLL,EG1,EG2,TCLL+,TCLL-
Load Predefined AlgSets

Select multiple Solves from Timelist, and apply flags,penalty,delete,... for all of them
Display "Select all" button, if multiple solves are selected
Sort Timelist by date xor time

Feature Documentation
Help
How to contribute

put Scrambler in sessionData

Export to localStorage
Export to sessionStorage
Export to CSV
Export from Server
Import from localStorage
Import from sessionStorage
Import from CSV
Import from Server

PB History
PB Import
Sitzungen erkennen

Collection

Friends
Compare to Friends

TTW-Like things

Tools:
Cube price search (linked from collection)
InsertionFinder
Reconstruct
Find solves on cubesolv.es
