help/en.md, before:

HTTimer help file
==

Do a solve
--

1. Scramble your puzzle with the scramble shown in the middle.
2. Press space to start 15 seconds of inspection.
3. Press space again to start solving.
4. Press space again to stop the timer. Your time will be shown in the middle.
5. Apply Penalties. If you got penalties by overinspecting, these will be automatically applied.

Change scrambler
--

1. Activate the UI for changing scramblers. This step has to be done only once per session.
  1. Press `oo` to go to the options.
  2. Select "Layout" by clicking it.
  3. Select "Show scramble select".
  4. Press `oc` to leave options.
  5. Generate a new scramble.
2. Press "Select scrambler".
3. Select the puzzle type.
4. Select the number of faces.
5. Select the number of layers. Sometimes, this step is skipped.
6. Select the scrambler type.

Generate the next scramble without timing
--

1. Activate the UI for the next scramble. This step has to be done only once per session.
  1. Press `oo` to go to the options.
  2. Select "Layout" by clicking it.
  3. Select "Show scramble select".
  4. Press `oc` to leave options.
  5. Generate a new scramble.
2. Press the button "Next scramble >".

Create a new session
--

1. On the right, press the select menu showing the name of your current session
2. Press the last option "New". The new session will be created and selected.
(Steps from here on are optional)
3. Select a scrambler. The scrambler type is mapped to the current session.
4. Select a solve type from the menu.
5. Select a method from the menu.

Check how many solves are in the current session
--

1. Press `p p` to go to statistics
2. The first line tells you the information. "Generating statistics for current session with {NR_OF_SOLVES} solves"
3. Press `p c` to go back.

Practise an Algorithm
--

1. Locate the algorithm in an algSet, or create a new AlgSet and add the alg there.
2. Press Practise. This closes the AlgSets window automatically.
3. You now see your alg as the scramble.
4. Do solves like you normally would do.
5. Press `a a` to enter AlgSets, select the set containing the algorithm and you will see your average instead of DNF there.
Note: If you have the same algorithm in multiple AlgSets, you have to time for each individually. This will be fixed in a later version.

Commit message:

3x3 scramble image, Layout: change color

help/en.md, after:

HTTimer help file (v4.3.0A+)
==

Explanations
==

What is the Setup?
--

In the setup dialog you can select sessions which will be created for you. Each session will have the correct scramble, timingMode, name and inspection time. The setup dialog is shown at the first start or when a new user is created.

What is the user select dialog?
--

If you load HTTimer and have multiple users, you are prompted to select the user you want to do solves on.

Instructions
==

Do a solve
--

1. Scramble your puzzle with the scramble shown in the middle.
2. Press space to start 15 seconds of inspection.
3. Press space again to start solving.
4. Press space again to stop the timer. Your time will be shown in the middle.
5. Apply Penalties. If you got penalties by overinspecting, these will be automatically applied.

Change scrambler
--

1. Activate the UI for changing scramblers. This step has to be done only once per session.
  1. Press `oo` to go to the options.
  2. Select "Layout" by clicking it.
  3. Select "Show scramble select".
  4. Press `oc` to leave options.
  5. Generate a new scramble.
2. Press "Select scrambler".
3. Select the puzzle type.
4. Select the number of faces.
5. Select the number of layers. Sometimes, this step is skipped.
6. Select the scrambler type.

Generate the next scramble without timing
--

1. Activate the UI for the next scramble. This step has to be done only once per session.
  1. Press `oo` to go to the options.
  2. Select "Layout" by clicking it.
  3. Select "Show scramble select".
  4. Press `oc` to leave options.
  5. Generate a new scramble.
2. Press the button "Next scramble >".

Create a new session
--

1. On the right, press the select menu showing the name of your current session
2. Press the last option "New". The new session will be created and selected.
(Steps from here on are optional)
3. Select a scrambler. The scrambler type is mapped to the current session.
4. Select a solve type from the menu.
5. Select a method from the menu.

Check how many solves are in the current session
--

1. Press `p p` to go to statistics
2. The first line tells you the information. "Generating statistics for current session with {NR_OF_SOLVES} solves"
3. Press `p c` to go back.

Practise an Algorithm
--

1. Locate the algorithm in an algSet, or create a new AlgSet and add the alg there.
2. Press Practise. This closes the AlgSets window automatically.
3. You now see your alg as the scramble.
4. Do solves like you normally would do.
5. Press `a a` to enter AlgSets, select the set containing the algorithm and you will see your average instead of DNF there.
Note: If you have the same algorithm in multiple AlgSets, you have to time for each individually. This will be fixed in a later version.
